In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
Just a normal girl,
with a normal life.
But there's something about me
that no one knows yet.
Because I've got a secret.
♪ Miraculous, simply the best
♪ Up to the test
when things go wrong
♪ Miraculous, the luckiest
♪ The power of love
always so strong
♪ Miraculous
♪ Miraculous ♪
I'll bet you
it's a tablecloth for a picnic!
Not even close, Xuppu!
It's a cape.
For the Superhero of Creation
and for
the Supervillain of Destruction!
‐ For Cat Noir and Ladybug?
‐ No, it's for a movie!
‐ Oh!
‐ You know,
‐ those stories they show on TV?
‐ Are you gonna be famous?
No, I'm the costume designer.
I'm not acting in it.
But we are gonna be on the news.
I'm gonna be late!
And now,
a very original project
coming from the François Dupont
School in Paris.
Clara Contard, reporting.
Under the initiative
of the art teacher,
one of François Dupont School's
alumni, Thomas Astruc,
a successful film director,
is participating
in an ambitious project.
He's overseeing these students,
who are volunteering
their time off,
to produce a real live movie
from script to storyboard,
to costumes, everything's being
done by the students themselves
with financial support
from City Hall.
Yes, well, you know, I myself
directed a film in my youth.
The cherry on top is
that the film will be released
in select movie theatres, thank
to famous producer Bob Roth.
What a lucky break
for these students
as well as for the actresses
who'll be starring in it.
You may hate me,
but I love you.
And I'll always will.
A film with my half‐of‐a‐sister
as the star? Ridiculous!
Do you want another banana?
They help better one's mood.
What I want is to go tell
that bunch of lame‐os
how things work in real life.
In my life!
You may hate me,
but I love you.
‐ And I always will.
‐ How dare you all?
Giving the role
to my half‐of‐a‐sister,
who just came out of nowhere?
And with Daddy's money
on top of it all!
It's not actually funded by me,
but by the city.
Same thing!
You! I told you that you'd be
sent back to New York
if you ever crossed my path.
Not only you're on my path,
but on TV, too!
Don't let your sister
walk all over you, Zoé.
You were made for this part.
You deserve it.
True. We're meeting with
the producer tomorrow,
so it's too late
to change anything.
Might I remind you
that you were offered the chance
to participate in the film,
but you refused because,
"Mylene's sweater is too ugly,
Nath draws like a child,
Alya is useless and Marinette is
ridiculous, utterly ridiculous."
‐ I said that?
‐ Less politely.
Well, I still mean all of it.
But if this stupid, childish
film actually gets released
in theatres
and turns someone into a star,
that someone should be me!
So you'll give me the part
she's playing
because everything she owns is mine!
‐ Hmm!
‐ Banana, Chloé?
Don't worry. I'll talk to her.
Everything will be fine tomorrow.
And here's the office
of the producer, Bob Roth.
‐ Surprise!
‐
Chloé? What are you doing here?
My old friend André told me
you'd be OK making small changes
‐ so Chloé could be in the film.
‐ But it's impossible!
‐ We've gotten everything set!
‐ Moviemaking, kid,
is the art of compromise.
To protect your...
the interests of the film,
you gotta be flexible.
So André's daughter
will play the starring role.
That's not good for the film!
Zoé is perfect for the role!
The next plane for New York
leaves in 30 minutes.
‐ Grr!
‐ No big deal
if I don't play the main role.
There're lots
of other positions.
Perfect! As long as she's not
on screen, it's fine with me.
Then it's a deal! See you all
tomorrow morning on set!
‐ Bye‐bye, losers!
‐ Now, get out!
This is totally unfair!
Believe it or not,
I also shot a film in my youth.
It was called... Solitude!
Daddy,
I'm trying to concentrate here!
‐ Of course. Sorry, sweetheart.
‐ And you, Dupain‐Cheng,
cool it with
the horrible costume. It's lame!
That's why it suits you so well,
Chloé!
Oh! Uh...
Here, the population has been
put into an enchanted sleep,
so we need tons of extras.
You are gonna lay down here...
Wait for me!
‐ Perfect!
‐ Hey! All of you!
Someone just told me I'm
the Supervillain of Destruction
and Mylène is the Superhero
of Creation! Are you kidding me?
I get the lead role.
I am the good guy, OK?
The two roles
are both important.
Blah, blah, blah! I don't care!
I get to be the good guy!
We don't have time for
all of these changes, Chloé!
‐ Oh, yeah? Daddy!
‐
It's common to have to adapt
a script at the last minute ‐‐
That's baloney! A waste of time?
Giving up on your dreams?
‐ A revision.
‐ It's for the good of the film.
Scene nine. Take one. Action!
‐ You're meant to be acting!
‐ Lame... boring... dull!
What we need is a superhero film
featuring a real superhero!
Hey! What's black and yellow,
has pretty blonde hair,
gets everyone's attention and is
gonna break the box office?
You're not talking about you
as Queen Bee?
'Cause, mostly,
you were a super‐disaster
more than superhero!
Uh, actually I wasn't
even thinking of Queen Bee!
I was thinking of
a much more original character.
Queen... uh... Queen Banana!
‐
‐ Queen what?
‐ Daddy!
‐
Scene nine, take two. Action!
Ah! This is way better
than that ridiculous costume
Dupain‐Cheng made!
But it's missing something.
I know! I need wheels!
You don't need a car,
these superheroes can fly!
What do you know about
superheroes, Baker Girl?
Just go back to sleep
while I... Daddy!
Scene nine, take three. Action!
Ha! We can start now.
Except... when she sees you
just lying around doing nothing,
She doesn't feel like
saving you.
She feels more like
tossing you in the garbage!
Chloé, we're not changing
everything again!
Who said change everything?
We just need a better challenge!
‐ Daddy!
‐
Thanks, Adrien!
It's really gorgeous of you,
I mean, generous of you
to come help us.
Happy to. My father said
it was for the good of the film.
At least he is worth saving!
‐ OK, now can we shoot?
‐ Hmm. We need a new bad guy!
‐ A super‐duper uber villain.
‐ Argh!
A galactic emperor?
A giant octopus
that comes from outer space?
‐ A fire‐breathing dragon?
‐ No, no, those are so lame!
I want a giant yellow gorilla
that throws exploding bananas!
It's for the good of the film.
Are you kidding? I want a real
dynamite‐slinging gorilla!
‐ Not some cardboard monkey!
‐ But giant, yellow
dynamite‐slinging apes
do not exist!
There are tons of giant gorillas
doing stuff in the good movies!
Can't you hire one of those?
I'm so tired of all of you.
I'm getting some beauty rest!
Tomorrow you'd better have this
monkey business figured out!
Maybe the zoo will lend us an
ape if we take good care of it?
You're not really gonna look
for a dynamite‐slinging gorilla?
‐ It's for the good of the film.
‐ It's not!
It's not even a film any more,
just Chloé's fantasy.
The only thing we'll do now
is get Adrien out of that cage.
Then we'll shoot
what we thought up together.
‐ For the good of the film!
‐
Where's my giant gorilla?
Where are all the others?
Why isn't anyone here
to shoot my big scene?
They shot everything last night.
They're probably screening it.
What the... ?
‐ Ultimate Nightmare!
‐ Harmonic Wind!
‐
‐ Huh?
Aw!
I free you from evil!
Why did you awaken them,
Kreatika?
Humans have destroyed
the planet!
They don't deserve to be awake!
You're wrong, Destroika.
Each one of those humans
carries the hope
of a better world within them.
You're just like them!
I hate you!
You may hate me, but I love you.
And I always will even
if the whole world hates you...
‐ Sister!
‐
This is ridiculous!
Who authorised shooting this?
Where's my monkey?
And what is my half‐of‐a sister
doing in my movie?
Miss Dupain‐Cheng convinced me
to watch this first scene.
I found it very moving and
Adrien is exceptional in it.
So I'll finance the movie based
on the original screenplay.
‐ Daddy!
‐ Like we said before, kid,
movie‐making's
all about compromise.
Sorry, Chloé, it was
for the good of the film.
Ridiculous! Utterly ridiculous!
But most of all,
it's for the good of my plan.
Chloé is always an excellent
source of inspiration.
Nooroo, Duusuu... unify!
‐ Hey! Wait!
‐ Adrikins!
It's sweet of you to want
to console me, but I'm fine.
I'm going to get my revenge
and send Zoé back to New York.
Actually, I came to suggest
you apologise to everyone.
Are you ill?
They've ruined my film!
It was never your film, Chloé.
It belonged to the group.
You promised me you'd stop
being mean to everyone.
I warned you that if you didn't,
we could no longer be friends.
You're as ridiculous
as that film! It's over!
You're no longer my Adrikins.
You're Adri‐nothing!
Queen Banana, I am Shadow Moth.
Once again they refuse
to recognise your true talent.
So I give you the power
to show them
who the real star of Paris is.
Fine, but I want a giant monkey
who throws exploding bananas!
It's all arranged. I am
the director of your dreams.
‐ In exchange for your powers ‐‐
‐ Yeah, yeah, I know!
Ladybug and Cat Noir's
Miraculous! You'll have them!
‐ Aaah!
‐
‐ Banana Boomboom... Action!
‐ Roar!
Where is my useless
half‐of‐a sister?
Banana Boomboom! Peel them off!
Plagg, claws out!
She's mad at me, so I should try
and reason with her!
Unfortunately, no one can
reason with her. Stay here.
I'm gonna...
try to find a way out.
Aaah!
Tikki, spots on!
Yeah!
Aaah!
If you don't come out
from your hiding place, Zoé,
I'll turn all of Paris
into bananas.
And it'll be all your fault!
My fault?
Hey, there Banana Queen!
So what's your superpower?
Making people
slip on banana peels?
You're about to find out,
you ridiculous alley cat!
Careful! Shadow Moth has been
very generous to Chloé.
I am a little jealous
of her gear!
Totally unnecessary. Nothing
can beat a cat and ladybug duo.
Miaow! We do make
the perfect pair, Milady!
Well, we've got gear, too!
Lucky charm!
Scooter, helmets...
Tube of glue, cartridges,
air pipe...
Everything needed
to fix a flat tyre.
That's a lot to process!
Still, something is missing...
but what?
Hey! Chloé, here I am!
Of course! Zoé!
Ready for a transatlantic voyage
on the Banana Express?
Only if you promise
to stop doing evil in Paris.
Of course,
I promise I'll be really good!
You'll never keep your promise!
Of course not! Bananahead!
Banana‐boomboom! Grab her!
Cat Noir! Cover us!
Cataclysm!
‐
‐ Oops!
When he's out of control,
Banana‐boomboom is even more
destructive! Have fun, you two!
Hang on tight!
You'll have to come out
sometime, Ladybug.
Especially if you don't want
to see my monkey
make a banana smoothie
outta your kitty! Ha, ha, ha!
We don't have much time.
I need your help to save
Cat Noir and Chloé.
‐ Me? Help you?
‐ Here is the bee Miraculous,
which lets you
immobilise your opponent.
You will use it
for the greater good.
At your service, my queen.
But Chloé's going to be furious!
She used to be Queen Bee!
Chloé will never know it's you.
You'll keep your identity
a secret,
and once the job is complete,
you will return the Miraculous.
I can't do it.
I'm not strong enough. I...
I know you can do this.
You have only one thing to say,
my queen. Pollen, buzz on!
Pollen, buzz on!
Yoohoo!
Hey, you big ape! How about
fighting someone your own size?
Venom!
Aaah!
‐ Queen Bee?
‐ No! My name's Vesperia!
‐ Wow!
‐ Ladybug's gonna need us again!
Thrilled to make
your acquaintance.
Just give me a second.
That Vesperia is to Queen Bee
what Fourme d'Ambert
is to Roquefort,
sweeter, more refined
and much nicer!
Aaah!
I'm going to smash you up
and turn you into banana bread!
Cataclysm!
Give me your Miraculous, or else
I'll turn her into baby food!
Queen Banana! You're not even
capable of a fair fight
with the new holder
of the Bee Miraculous!
How dare you?
I'm the one and only Queen Bee!
Oh, you were! But I am
the real Queen Bee now.
And you're only
the queen of bananas!
Ladybug chose me to defend Paris
because you couldn't do it.
Ha, ha! And what'll you defend
now that you're a banana?
Now see what happens to people
who don't see things my way?
Give me your Miraculous!
Huh?
This lucky‐charm glue
is really good!
And so is Vesperia,
don't you think, Cat Noir?
You counted your bananas before
they were peeled, Queen Banana.
No! Not again!
Aaah!
No more evil‐doing for you,
little akuma.
Time to de‐evilise!
Gotcha!
Bye‐bye, little butterfly!
Bye, little feather!
Miraculous Ladybug!
Pound it!
I hate you, Ladybug!
And you, Vesperia, you're only
a fake version of Queen Bee!
You need to learn
to control your anger.
There is a way I could help you.
I don't want anything from you!
You're non‐existent!
You're Lady‐Nothing‐At‐All!
Queen Banana's film
has turned out to be a flop.
But the script
will be rewritten very soon.
Chloé,
your endless supply of anger
promises multitudes of chaos.
Sooner or later, I'll get
my hands on those Miraculous!
Better recharge our kwamis
before Shadow Moth
akumatises her again.
Vesperia, Milady.
This Magical Charm could help
Chloé escape his influence.
But I can't
force her to wear it.
I know how to do it.
I want to shoot my film!
That's enough, Chloé.
It doesn't matter if you try
to send me to New York.
I'm done playing the supporting
role for the good of our family.
‐ Daddy!
‐ Zoé is right, Chloé.
You can ask me
for a new cell phone
or to paint the limousine pink,
but you can't ask me
to hurt your sister.
Don't call her that!
She's nothing to me!
I... I hate you!
You may hate me,
but I love you.
And I always will even if the
whole world hates you... sister!
Remember?
We have the same mother!
Look,
she even gave me this gift.
If it comes from Mom, then
I'm the one who gets to wear it.
Give it to me!
What's mine is yours.
You and I are family.
‐ It works!
‐ That's impossible!
‐ What's going on?
‐ You just wait!
Real life is nothing like
your stupid film.
I'll get my revenge!
‐ Chloé? You OK?
‐ Leave me alone, all of you!
‐ Zoé did it.
‐ Maybe this will help Chloé
‐ become a better person.
‐ Let's hope so, Tikki.